update README and cmp list (#55)
katie-ta/Cookie-Glasses: README.md

## Introduction

In the paper [Do Cookie Banners Respect my Choice? Measuring Legal Compliance of Banners from IAB Europe's Transparency and Consent Framework](https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.09964), we show that Consent Management Providers (CMPs) of IAB Europe's Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF) do not always respect user's choice. This extension allows you to verify that your consent is stored appropriately.

This extension for Firefox and Chrome queries CMPs of IAB Europe's TCF in the same position as a third-party advertiser, making it possible to see consent set by CMPs in real time. In other words, you can see whether consent registered by cookie banners is actually the consent you gave.
This extension only works with cookie banners of IAB Europe's TCF.

<img width="512" alt="Screen Shot 2021-12-04 at 1 41 32 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16495787/144700617-de120d8e-9c75-4ea2-826d-9aa7242ae54e.png">

The extension obtains its information via the TCF Consent String (TCString), obtained from IAB's public API's.

Author: Célestin Matte (Université Côte d'Azur, Inria, France)
Contributors: Katie Ta, Charles Tan (Providence, RI, USA)

> This is a research project made at Inria. Stage: complete.

Reviewer: should we remove? since we aren't part of the research project

Author: Sure

## Features

Based on the TC string from the CMP, we decode and show the following information on the browser extension
- The TCF data processing purposes you've consented to and the purposes that are allowed based on legitimate interests
- List of all the vendors who are allowed to process your data and a list of the data processing purposes and features for each vendor
- Several aggregate values including the number of active and inactive vendors (inactive means they are allowed to process your data but you've rejected all of the purposes for which they would process your data)

![User interface of the purposes](purposes_vid_SparkVideo.gif?raw=true "Purposes")
![User interface of the features](features_vid_SparkVideo.gif?raw=true "Features")

Other features:
- Functionality to manually decode a so-called "consent string" of the framework

> - Communicates if the current webpage does not implement the TCF

Reviewer: maybe we can also mention the `fetch_cmp_list.py`

Reviewer: or at least say that we show the user if the CMP identified is either 1. not registered with the TCF or 2. not compliant with the TCF if it doesn't show up on our fetched CMP list

Author: I think it doesn't quite make sense here, as the script isn't part of the extension itself it's just in the repo. There's a section below about updating the CMP list.

<img src="manual_decode_tcstring.png" alt="manual_decode" width="350"/>
<img src="no_cmp_found.png" alt="no_cmp" width="350"/>

#### Update the CMP list

> Run the `fetch_cmp_list.py` script to update the CMP list. This script scrapes https://iabeurope.eu/cmp-list/ to get the most up to date CMP list information. According to the website, the list can change on a daily basis but in practive, we've observed it changes less frequently than that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `fetch_cmp_list.py` script to update the CMP list. This script scrapes https://iabeurope.eu/cmp-list/ to get the most up-to-date CMP list information. According to the website, the list can change daily but in practice, we've observed it changes less frequently.

It's important to refetch the CMP list, since the list on IAB's website reflects all CMP's that are currently registered _and_ compliant with the TCF.
```

## Limitations

As explained in the paper, there are two ways for advertisers to query the CMP:
1. through a direct call to the __tcfapi() function if they are in a first-party position,
2. through a postMessage sent to the __tcfapiLocator (formerly known as __cmpLocator in v1) iframe if they are in a third-party position.

Because of the security mechanisms of browsers extensions, Cookie Glasses can only use the second method. According to our measurement, this method is working on 79% of websites using the TCF.

If you want to see consent on the remaining 21% of websites, here's a manual workaround:
1. Open the developer console (ctrl+maj+i)

> 2. Run the following code: `__tcfapi("getTCData", 2, function(v, success) { console.log(v); });`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following snippet in the console of the webpage in question: 
```__tcfapi("getTCData", 2, function(v, success) { console.log(v); });```
```

> 3. If you obtain a response, copy the string in the "tcString" field and paste that string in the Cookie Glasses' popup's "decode consent string" field and click on "decode".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you obtain a response, copy the string in the "tcString" field and decode it in the "Manually decode Consent String" section of the extension. You can find this section by clicking on the Tool icon at the bottom of the extension.
```
